Mr. Chen
It's not our country's idea to sell along the way
It's all the Lin family
This was all the Lins' idea
Yes, Mr. Chen
along the way
All neighbors
They tempt us
We went astray
Please hold on, my lord
Folk, you really can't get enough
Fu Beichen, you are still quibbling
The batch of tobacco soil you bought
It has been seized by me.
Those people also gave you up
What else do you want to say?
Gu Beichen, a man must dare to act
I really look down on you like this
Li Feiyu, shut up for me
It's all your fault
It's all because you and Lin Jingyun framed me
This lord
He framed me to shut up
If it weren't for Jingyun
You still don't know
You're doing this kind of thing behind your back
You have disappointed me so much.
Mr. Cheng, Mr. Cheng is not
Guo Weicheng
You were the overseer of Jingping City
I believe
You won't do anything wrong to Jingping
You are Lord Shinji Mingjian
But the clay thing.
Someone must be behind this
Confess that person
I could consider taking it lightly
It's him, Lord Zhengzhou
It's all him, it's his little one
Wei Chen you
You shut up
It's all you bitch
If it weren't for you
Can I mix like this?
I have already sat in the position of deputy city lord
It's all you who are cheap
Robbed the city lord's daughter's necklace
He also beat the daughter of the city lord
I lost my place as a solitary soldier
It also caused me to lose my position as the deputy city lord
It was he who reassured me
Saying that the business along the way is absolutely foolproof
I just believe him
Qin Huomei's pet you are proud of
So unbearable